---
layout: post
title: First Blog
published: true
---
### Hello! My name is Macon Moyer. This is my first time writing a blog. The main reason I wanted to start this project was because I miss writing and a lot of people I idolize write blogs. It almost seems like a requirement for the tech industry to be able to set up a webpage and create something substantial online. I am by no means a web-programmer front or back-end but I will try to make the website aesthetically pleasing on my own. GitHub made it easy combined with a cheap domain registrar that secured an interesting TLD for me which I really wanted. This website and blog will have the added bonus of beefing up my resume if any recruiters or companies decide to check it out.

### The final point of the blog that may be more important than all the other reasons is that I feel like I have something to offer the world. I have quite a few hobbies that will be fun to talk about and I am also in the career field of technology which is ever-expansive. It is always good to have different viewpoints and ideas floating around in the technology space so that we can continuously make improvements to systems. Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and any other social media are ways that people can spread messages to masses of people, but I’ve always felt that they were too addicting and detrimental to society. So here I am, trying to return the Internet to pre-corporation focused Internet where we can have decentralized like-minded people in small groups. I know that this is a tall task that one simple blogger won’t be able to accomplish but it’s worth a shot. Reddit initially was the closest thing to this idea, but it has become way too hive-minded like the other platforms in recent years. I want a return to civil discussion over the Internet where ideas can be spread and people can feel comfortable with sharing and not being crucified for things. Which will lead me into my next segment of the blog of trying to avoid politics. Social media has become incredibly biased in how they are run from one side or the other and I don’t think that it’s good to have the entire government system controlled by the tech giants. So, I will do my best to avoid politics and if I ever get too involved in them, please call me out, there are enough divisive instruments in society we don’t need the Internet to be another. One last anecdotal note to mention is that I will keep this blog as relaxed grammatically as possible. I have zero professional writing experience and haven’t taken a writing course in over a decade so it may be rough at times. The hope is that the more blogs I write the better the writing will become so just bear with me as we embark on this journey together. 

### That’s probably enough for the logistics of the operation, let’s talk about fun things. I am an avid drone pilot, guitarist, golfer, gamer, and fisherman. On top of that I love technology and am in the process of making a career out of it. My future path in the field is still uncertain but I have started leaning in the direction of networking, cybersecurity, and cloud. I am lucky to work somewhere where I have a bit of spare time to work on certifications which is the stage I am at now with my career. Sometimes I wish that I had infinite amounts of time to explore all my passions and try out new things but right now I am happy with my hobbies and career. The direction of the blog will be dictated by new things that I do personally or that happen in the world. I will probably do some reviews of things that I use often or maybe preview pieces of new things that I want to try out. I want this to be more than just a personal blog and eventually evolve into a community where people can have discussions and share ideas. I have a lot of ideas and I hope there will be someone out there who will be interested in hearing them and can relate a little bit. Feel free to contact me by using the email link below.



